{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab1200{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq5 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red100\green100\blue100;\red0\green0\blue255;\red10\green10\blue160;}\deflang2057\pard\plain\f2\fs20\cf1\par {\fs28\b\ul UK Data Archive Data Dictionary\par\par }{\b\f2\fs20\cf1\ File-level information:\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 File Name = 		\f2\fs20\cf5csew1314teachingopen\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of variables = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 32\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1 Number of cases = 	\f2\fs20\cf5 8843\par\par\par }{\f2\fs20\cf1\b Variable-level information:\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 1	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 rowlabel	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Case identifier (9 digits)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for rowlabel\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 2	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 split	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Follow-up module split\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for split\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 A (Experiences of the police)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 B (Attitudes to the CJS)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 C (Crime prevention and security)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 D (Online Security)\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 3	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 sex	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Adult number 1 (respondent): Sex\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for sex\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Male\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Female\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 4	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 yrsarea	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How long lived in this area\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for yrsarea\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Less than 12 months\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 12 months but less than 2 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 2 years but less than 3 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 3 years but less than 5 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 5 years but less than 10 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 10 years but less than 20 years\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 20 years or longer\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 5	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 resyrago	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Living at this address 12 months ago or not?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for resyrago\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 6	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 work2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Any paid work in last week\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for work2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Yes\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 No\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 7	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 tenure1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 In which way do you occupy this accommodation?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for tenure1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Own it outright\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Buying it with the help of a mortgage or loan\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Pay part rent and part mortgage (shared ownership)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Rent it\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Live here rent free (inc. rent free in relative/friend's property, excluding squatting)\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Squatting\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 8	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 livharm1	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 ONS harmonised marital status\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 -1.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 None\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for livharm1\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Married/Civil Partnered\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Cohabiting\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Single\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Separate\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Divorced\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Widowed\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 -1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not classified\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 9	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 agegrp7	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Age group (7 bands)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for agegrp7\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 16-24\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 25-34\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 35-44\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 45-54\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 55-64\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 65-74\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 75+\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 10	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 ethgrp2a	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Ethnic Group (5 categories)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 98.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 99.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for ethgrp2a\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Asian or Asian British\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 White\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Mixed\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 99.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Black or Black British\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Chinese or Other\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 98.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 11	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 educat3	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Respondent education (5 categories)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for educat3\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 None\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 O level/GCSE\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Apprenticeship or A/AS level\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Degree or diploma\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Other\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 12	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 rural2	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Type of area 2004: urban/rural\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for rural2\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Urban\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Rural\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 13	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 edeprivex	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 England: Index of multiple deprivation by quintile (1=20% most deprived wards)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for edeprivex\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 14	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wdeprivex	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Wales: Index of multiple deprivation by quintile (1=20% most deprived wards)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wdeprivex\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 15	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 IndivWgtx	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Individual-level weight (mean=1)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for IndivWgtx\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 16	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 cause2m	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 One MAIN cause of crime in Britain today\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 98.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 99.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for cause2m\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 A. Too lenient sentencing\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 B. Poverty\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 C. Lack of discipline from school\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 D. Lack of discipline from parents\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 E. Drugs\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 6.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 F. Alcohol\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 7.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 G. Unemployment\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 H. Breakdown of family\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 I. Too few police\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 10.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 J. The economy in general\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 11.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 K. Peer pressure\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 12.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 L. News coverage of crime\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 13.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Spontaneous: None of these\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 99.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 98.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 17	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 walkdark	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How safe do you feel walking alone after dark?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for walkdark\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very safe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly safe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 A bit unsafe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very unsafe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 18	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 walkday	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How safe do you feel walking alone in this area during the day?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for walkday\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very safe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly safe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 A bit unsafe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very unsafe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 19	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 homealon	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How safe do you feel when alone in home at night?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for homealon\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very safe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly safe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 A bit unsafe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very unsafe\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 20	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wburgl	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about having your home broken into?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wburgl\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 21	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wmugged	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about being mugged and robbed?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wmugged\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 22	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wcarstol	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about having car stolen?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wcarstol\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 23	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wfromcar	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about having things stolen from your car?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wfromcar\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 24	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wraped	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about being raped?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wraped\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 25	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wattack	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about being physically attacked by strangers?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wattack\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 26	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 wraceatt	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How worried about being attacked because of skin colour, ethnic origin or religion?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par }{\cf1 SPSS user missing values = \cf4 8.0 \cf1\fs16\ thru \cf4\fs20 9.0\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for wraceatt\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all worried\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not applicable\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 8.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Refusal\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 9.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Don't know\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 27	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 worryx	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Worry about being a victim of crime (high score = high level of worry)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for worryx\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 28	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 bcsvictim	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Experience of any crime in the previous 12 months\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for bcsvictim\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 0.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not a victim of crime\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Victim of crime\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 29	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 rubbcomm	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How common is litter or rubbish in immediate area?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for rubbcomm\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not coded\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 30	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 vandcomm	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How common is vandalism or graffiti in immediate area?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for vandcomm\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not coded\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 31	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 poorhou	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 How common are homes in poor condition/run down?\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i NOMINAL\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for poorhou\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 1.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Very common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 2.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Fairly common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 3.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not very common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 4.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not at all common\par }{\cf1\fs16	Value = }{\cf4\fs16 5.0	}{\cf1\fs16 Label = }{\cf4\fs16 Not coded\par }{\cf1\b\par Pos. = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 32	}{\b\cf1 Variable = }{\f2\fs20\cf4 antisocx	}{\b\cf1 Variable label = }{\cf4 Anti-social behaviour in their neighbourhood (high score =high levels of anti-social behaviour)\par }{\cf3 This variable is  }{\cf5\i numeric}{\cf3, the SPSS measurement level is }{\cf5\i SCALE\par 	}{\cf3\ul\fs16 Value label information for antisocx\par }}